Welcome to a quick update on Jacob's weekly tracker configuration.
As of April eleventh, twenty twenty six, the weekly tracker
now watches six topics instead of four. Here's what's on
the list and why. Quick context. The weekly tracker is
a scheduled task that runs every Friday at seven p.m.
Central. It reads a single page in Jacob's Obsidian vault
called Tracked Topics, iterates through each active topic, searches the
web, Reddit, prediction markets, and news sources for new developments,
and then appends updates to the relevant vault pages. Yesterday
we moved the topic list out of the task prompt
and into the vault so any Claude instance, or Jacob
himself, can edit it directly. Today we added two new
topics based on a vault-wide search. Topic one is Anthropic's
Mythos model release. This has been the flagship topic for
weeks. The tracker watches for leaked release dates, pricing signals,
benchmark rumors, Project Glasswing developments, and any movement on whether
a public variant ships. It monitors r slash Anthropic, r
slash Claude A-I, r slash singularity, r slash Local Llama,
and checks Manifold for Mythos release probability markets. Topic two
is the Jefferson City Riverfront Connector Bridge and BUILD grant.
This tracks the Reconnecting Jefferson City infrastructure project, the High
Street Viaduct replacement, the roughly twenty five million dollar BUILD
grant application with a decision expected this summer, city council
votes, MoDOT updates, and the status of HB twenty one
oh eight. Topic three is Jefferson City local government more
broadly. City council meetings, Cole County commission actions, Jefferson City
Public Schools board decisions, local elections, zoning, and major development
projects. The update log is append only, most recent first.
Topic four is the Pebble Index oh one smartwatch. Production
status, shipping timeline, firmware updates, and community reviews. Pebble Time
two is a leading indicator since it ships before Index
oh one. Now for the two new topics. Topic five
is Apple rumors and news. Jacob's vault has a massive
Apple topics folder with years of WWDC notes, device timeline
tracking, Apple Intelligence analysis, and detailed opinions on the ecosystem.
The tracker will now surface meaningful Apple product, software, and
ecosystem news, filtering aggressively to only the items that would
actually affect Jacob's decisions or represent a real strategic shift.
That means new device rumors, Apple Intelligence developments, OS releases
across i-O-S, i-Pad-O-S, mac-O-S, watch-O-S, and vision-O-S, WWDC announcements, Siri
strategy shifts, and Mark Gurman scoops. The primary sources are
nine to five Mac, Mac Rumors, Bloomberg's Power On newsletter,
Six Colors, and Daring Fireball. Gurman's Sunday Power On is
the single most valuable source and gets checked first each
run. When Apple Watch Ultra four news appears, it cross-posts
into the wearables tracker because that device is central to
Jacob's switching decision. Topic six is Whoop and the wearables
ecosystem. This one is driven directly by the Core Question
at the top of Jacob's Wearables Watch note: should he
switch from Apple Watch to Whoop, or wait for the
Ultra four in September? The tracker watches Whoop membership and
product changes, new features, algorithm updates, Oura Ring five rumors,
Garmin's CIRQA smart band, validation studies comparing consumer wearables to
E-C-G, and commentary from the quantified-self and endurance running communities.
Sources include D-C Rainmaker, The Quantified Scientist, Wareable, and PubMed
for validation research. The working verdict right now is to
wait for the Apple Watch Ultra four before making any
switch. If new evidence would materially shift that verdict, the
weekly summary will flag it explicitly rather than quietly updating
the note. That's the full list. Six topics, one config
file, one scheduled task. The config lives at one dash
Projects slash Weekly Tracker Updates slash Tracked Topics dot M-D.
To add a new topic, copy the template block at
the top of the file, fill in the fields, and
bump the frontmatter date. The next run is Friday evening.
That's the update.